Now you can shoot and share treasured videos
and photos in just seconds!
This holiday season, Emily invited her friends
& family over for Christmas.
They decided to try something funny this year!
Jimmy Kimmel's Christmas challenge - wrap
terrible Christmas gifts, give them to their
kids and tape their reactions when they open
them!
(Insert a
few video clips from here http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yWXKUPt7a-U)
When Emily's mom found out, she was very disappointed
that they would do that to her grandkids and
yet couldn't wait to see their reactions!
But there was a problem.
Emily couldn't find an easy way to send those
large video files to her mom.
So she end up not sending anything at all.
Nod your head if this has ever happened to
you?
Well... it doesn't have to be this way!
Fortunately, Emily's mom had Japkin.
Emily goes to her mom's personal Japkin page,
clicks the upload button, selects the video's
& photo's she wanted to share, and instantly
sends them.
She even pulls out her cell phone, hits the
"Send Video Message" button, and sends her
mom a cute video of her granddaughter playing
with her "Real" Christmas gifts!
A moment later, mom receives an email notification,
logsin to her Japkin page and is amazed to
see all the high resolution photos and videos
Emily was able to send her.
She then hits the "Reply" button and records
a quick and funny video for her granddaughter!
Japkin makes it easy for family and friends
to respond to each other's messages with video
and voice messages of their own.
And the messages can be as long as you want,
up to a full 30 minutes.
And unlike Facebook...
Japkin is super private
You no longer have to share your private photos
& videos with the whole world.
With Japkin, your files are only shared with
your loved ones, or those you want to share
them with.
Japkin is private, fast, and easy.
Best of all, you can use Japkin anywhere,
whether at home, at the office, or on the
go, because...
It works on any cell phone, tablet or PC.
Are you using Japkin yet?
Create your FREE Japkin page today, and start
sharing and receiving life's memorable moments!